{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 BY WIDi - TSYS- \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://tsys.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/TSYS/job/Alpharetta-Georgia-USA/Full-Stack-Engineer---Digital-Innovation-Team_R0012795 }}{\fldrslt{https://tsys.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/TSYS/job/Alpharetta-Georgia-USA/Full-Stack-Engineer---Digital-Innovation-Team_R0012795\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22   \par
Full Stack Engineer - Digital Innovation Team\par
Alpharetta, Georgia, USA\par
\par
Every day, Global Payments makes it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services.  Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300 financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with confidence and achieve amazing results.  We are driven by our passion for success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and software solutions.  Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the payments technology landscape of tomorrow.  \par
\par
Global Payments is the parent company for TSYS, Netspend, Heartland, TouchNet, OpenEdge, Xenial, Greater Giving, ACTIVE Network, and AdvancedMD.  Headquartered in Georgia with over 24,000 employees worldwide, Global Payments is a member of the S&P 500 with worldwide reach spanning over 100 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. For more information, visit globalpaymentsinc.com and follow Global Payments on Twitter (@globalpayments), LinkedIn and Facebook.\par
\par
Full Stack Engineer, Digital Innovation Team\par
At TSYS, we\rquote re building the future of payments.  As a member of the Digital Innovation team, you\rquote ll be part of a team passionate about technology and using it to modernize payments, and the overall banking experience.  We build a wide variety of solutions from automated infrastructure and cloud-based systems, to machine learning and user experiences for web, mobile and IoT.  We\rquote re looking for people who want to join our team of designers, engineers and enthusiasts and be a part of what\rquote s happening.\par
Example products that you\rquote ll be working on as a part of the TSYS DI team...\par
\par
Create open API\rquote s and content for TSYS Developers (developers.tsys.com), our client hub for open technology (API\rquote s, SDK\rquote s and much more) developed by TSYS.\par
Mobile and mobile web cardholder experiences that leverage open technologies like react.js and react native, node, swift2, java, springboot, .Net and others.\par
Campaign, content and push notification systems that leverage things like Kafka, javascript, java9 and spring to deliver content to multiple channels.\par
Our industry leading fraud engine that leverages ML to learn and detect fraud patterns.\par
Our hybrid cloud application infrastructure that\rquote s based on docker, kubernetes, microservices and postgres.\par
Everyday you\rquote ll do these kinds of things\'85\par
\par
Collaborate with engineers across the Digital Innovation team to create technical designs, develop, test and solve complex problems that drive the solution from initial concept to production.\par
Contribute to our automated build, deploy and test processes for each solution.\par
Work with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.\par
Transcend the traditional boundaries of Frontend and Backend, designing and delivering performant, maintainable, and scalable features.\par
Think in terms of components and systems while considering a holistic user experience.\par
Work in an engineering focused, iterative team that\rquote s composed of people with a wide range of skills.\par
Demo your work for colleagues and members of the business team.\par
Conduct research on new and interesting technologies that help to progress our products and platforms.\par
To qualify, you\rquote ll need to have:\par
\par
Highly Preferred\par
\par
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in computer science, information technology or business information systems or related field.\par
Full-stack experience in one or more of the following: Java, Springboot, Javascript, SQL, Reactjs, Redux, scripting languages, unix and the confidence to easily pick up others.\par
Working experience in modernizing .Net applications to Java, Springboot microservices\par
Exposure to architectural patterns of a large, high-scale applications (e.g., well-designed APIs, mobile apps, data integrations, and/or large mobile web applications).\par
Exposure to devops tools like Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, ELK stack, etc.\par
Fluent, open communication style \f1\endash  speaking, writing, collaborating.\par
Demonstrated understanding of user experience, user centered design and responsive web design.\par
Preferred\par
\par
Minimum two years relevant experience with advanced coding skills.\par
Experience designing and developing large distributed, mobile, machine learning, responsive web or API software systems.\par
Experience working in a team-based, start-up or agile development environment.\par
Track record of pursuing self-directed side projects, research, or open source projects.\par
TSYS Minimum Requirements\par
\par
BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business / Management Information Systems or related field\par
Typically minimum of 2 years - Professional Experience In Coding, Designing, Developing And Analyzing Data.\par
What\rquote s it like to work in our Team?\par
\par
Our Digital Innovation Team is a team of advanced technical experts in a variety of fields who work together to incubate new capabilities in a rapid, prototype-oriented environment that emphasizes \ldblquote product over process\rdblquote .  We\rquote re huge advocates of open source and as a member of the Digital innovation team, you\rquote ll not only create innovative user experiences, massive data sets and infrastructure at scale, but you\rquote ll also be working with a team of people who represent some of the best and brightest minds in payments.  We have a growth culture that emphasizes learning and adoption of technologies that push the envelope.  We have sessions designed each week to bring the team together to learn and discuss topics that are critical to our industry and the evolution of our systems.  Add to that our open work environment that emphasizes collaboration across teams.\par
\par
So, what will your first day look like?  First off, you\rquote ll get a mac laptop and work with a mentor to pull the latest project from Git.  Your assigned mentor is someone who stays with you throughout your first 90 days to help you gain familiarity with our teams, tools and environment.   After that, we\rquote ll have you meet with different members of the team and get to know their specialties, current projects and nuances of the job.  By the end of day one, you\rquote ll create and commit your first code push to git.  We call this our \ldblquote pilot push\rdblquote  and it promotes our culture of rapidly iterating and making progress.\par
\par
Not Ready to Apply?  Join Our Talent Community!!\par
US Applicants:\par
TSYS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) committed to employing a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. For more information about your rights, click here.\par
\par
Qualified individuals with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodations to assist in their pursuit of employment with TSYS. This includes assistance in completing the job application (online or otherwise) and reasonable accommodations during the hiring process.  For assistance with reasonable accommodations needed to apply for a job, please contact the TSYS Pay and Benefits Center between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. Eastern Monday-Friday at +1.706.644.8747 or +1.877.644.8747 or email at PayandBenefits@tsys.com.\par
\par
\par
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability\par
\par
\par
Outside of US Applicants:\par
\par
TSYS is committed to diversity and equal opportunities for everyone.  We are committed to ensuring that all job applicants and team members are treated equally, without discrimination because of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, gender reassignment, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability, age or any other characteristic prohibited by law.  For more information, please refer to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, found here.\par
\f0\par
}
 